Add Communication Aggregator Component (#4264)
nasa/fprime: Svc/ComAggregator/docs/sdd.md

> # Svc::ComAggregator

Reviewer: Maybe a nit, but is there a different meaning in your opinion between `Aggregator` and `Accumulator` ? Seems like they could potentially be used interchangeably, and we've used Accumulator in the past so we could keep the same terminology for consistency ?
But maybe FrameAccumulator accumulates **something** until it has a frame, where ComAggregator aggregates **Com** until it has something, which would be the difference? idk :shrug:

Author: Accumulation is for uplink to assemble a frame, Aggregation is on downlink for a set of frames.  We should not use the same name, as they operation differently.

Aggregates buffers in the downlink chain. This is for use with systems that have fixed size frames (e.g. CCSDS TM) that needed internal aggregation.

## Requirements

| ID                    | Description                                                                                                                                                   | Verification |
| --------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------ |
| Svc-ComAggregator-001 | ComAggregator shall accept incoming downlink data as `Fw::Buffer`, `ComCfg::FrameContext` pairs and append the buffer into the aggregate space permitting     | Unit-Test    |
| Svc-ComAggregator-002 | ComAggregator shall hold the incoming buffer when there is insufficient space in the aggregate buffer.                                                        | Unit-Test    |

> | Svc-ComAggregator-003 | ComAggregator shall send the current aggregate buffer when the incoming buffer is held dur to overflow.                                                       | Unit-Test    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Svc-ComAggregator-003 | ComAggregator shall send the current aggregate buffer when the incoming buffer is held due to overflow.                                                       | Unit-Test    |
```

| Svc-ComAggregator-004 | ComAggregator shall send the current aggregate buffer when it receives a timeout trigger if and only if the aggregate is non-empty.                           | Unit-Test    |
| Svc-ComAggregator-005 | ComAggregator shall clear aggregation state when a SUCCESS communication status is received back.                                                             | Unit-Test    |
| Svc-ComAggregator-006 | ComAggregator shall preserve the order of received buffers when forming each aggregate and across aggregate sends.                                            | Unit-Test    |

> | Svc-ComAggregator-007 | ComAggregator shall inter operate with the [Communication Adapter Interface comStatus protocol](https://fprime.jpl.nasa.gov/latest/docs/reference/communication-adapter-interface/) | Unit-Test    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Svc-ComAggregator-007 | ComAggregator shall inter operate with the [Communication Adapter Interface comStatus protocol](../../../docs/reference/communication-adapter-interface.md)   | Unit-Test    |
```
